Update collection metadata and README for Automation Hub (#105)
1Password/ansible-onepasswordconnect-collection: README.md

### 📄 Usage

> Refer to the [Usage Guide](https://github.com/1Password/ansible-onepasswordconnect-collection/blob/main/USAGEGUIDE.md) for documentation for example usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Usage Guide](https://github.com/1Password/ansible-onepasswordconnect-collection/blob/main/USAGEGUIDE.md) for usage examples.
```

maybe even just "for examples.".

Author: Agree, that reads better 👍
